## Copyright information

All the code, JSON files and JSON schemas in this repository are released by the
CHIP-8 database authors under the MIT license detailed below. By contributing to
this repository, you agree to license your contributions under the same license.

The descriptions of the programs in [`programs.json`](./database/programs.json)
were mostly previously published by the original authors under various licenses.
We do not hold the copyright to most of those descriptions, and we publish them
here in a good faith expectation that the original author, by publishing the
text as a promotional material alongside their CHIP-8 program, meant for those
descriptions to be disseminated further. Where possible we have credited the
original authors by name and by way of a URL pointing to the source material.

### Takedown procedure

If you are one of the original authors mentioned above, and you feel like the
CHIP-8 database infringes on your copyright in a way that you do not agree with,
please file an issue or a pull request at this repository on Github:

https://github.com/chip-8/chip-8-database

Your request can be handled more swiftly if you are able to provide this
information:

  * Which information you hold the copyright of, and that you take issue with
    being in this database;
  * Where that information is stored in our database;
  * A proof of authorship of the information in question;
  * How we can reach you with any further questions.

## License

Copyright 2023 The CHIP-8 database authors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
